# Enlaces de la Conferencia: Big Data, Business Analytics y Data Science, ¿Hacia dónde vamos? https://prezi.com/fhtorkc8dsdf/data-science-big-data-y-business-analytics/

Los archivos en formato pdf se pueden descargar de:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/kuuu9zpy9mnaefc/Informes.rar?dl=0)

Big Data: The Management Revolution
https://hbr.org/2012/10/big-data-the-management-revolution

McKinsey - Reporte Big Data
http://www.mckinsey.com/insights/business_technology/big_data_the_next_frontier_for_innovation

Big Data y el interés de las empresas por ordenar información
http://gestion.pe/tecnologia/big-data-y-interes-empresas-ordenar-informacion-2059195

El Big Data creará 4,4 millones de empleos en todo el mundo
http://gestion.pe/tendencias/big-data-creara-44-millones-empleos-todo-mundo-2100652
http://www.gartner.com/newsroom/id/2207915

El big data ha movido 441 millones de euros en España durante 2014
http://prnoticias.com/marketing/20142319-big-data-millones-espana?jjj=1446740136796

El vértigo de usar el 'big data'
http://www.expansion.com/directivos/2015/05/20/555cd277268e3e30148b4581.html

8 Reasons Big Data Projects Fail
http://www.informationweek.com/big-data/big-data-analytics/8-reasons-big-data-projects-fail/a/d-id/1297842

Where Big Data Projects Fail
http://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/where-big-data-projects-fail

K-Means Clustering in Map Reduce
http://horicky.blogspot.pe/2011/04/k-means-clustering-in-map-reduce.html

Quiza ni siquiera necesites Big Data después de todo
https://hbr.org/2013/12/you-may-not-need-big-data-after-all

Qué es Big Data - Juan David Vargas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgAakVRAAwM

Personal calificado
http://blog.mbitschool.com/2015/02/big-data-o-la-parabola-del-indio.html

Lado ético de Big Data
https://www.ted.com/talks/malte_spitz_your_phone_company_is_watching

How Big is Big Data?
http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-03-06/interactive-graphic-how-big-is-big-data

Top 10 List – The V's of Big Data
http://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/top-10-list-the-v-s-of-big-data

Only 29 Percent of Companies are Using Big Data to Make Predictions
http://cloudtimes.org/2014/10/27/only-29-percent-of-companies-are-using-big-data-to-make-predictions/

Gregory Piatetsky: Overfitting Is the Cardinal Sin of Data Science
http://datareview.info/dr-in-english/gregory-piatetsky-overfitting-is-the-cardinal-sin-of-data-science/

Data Scientist: The Sexiest Job of the 21st Century
https://hbr.org/2012/10/data-scientist-the-sexiest-job-of-the-21st-century

Data Scientist route map
https://learnthedata.wordpress.com/2014/08/10/data-scientist-route-map/

The Path to Becoming a Data Scientist
http://bigdatascience.com/the-path-to-becoming-a-data-scientist

THE DATA SCIENCE VENN DIAGRAM
http://drewconway.com/zia/2013/3/26/the-data-science-venn-diagram

El monstruo sensible
http://blogs.gestion.pe/revoluciondigital/2012/01/el-monstruo-sensible.html

Data Science Venn Diagram v2.0
http://www.anlytcs.com/2014/01/data-science-venn-diagram-v20.html

Am I a data scientist?
http://robjhyndman.com/hyndsight/am-i-a-data-scientist/

Analyzing the Analyzers - An Introspective Survey of Data Scientists and Their Work
http://www.oreilly.com/data/free/analyzing-the-analyzers.csp
http://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/how-to-become-a-data-scientist

Conozca la primera promoción de científicos de datos en Colombia
http://www.sascolombia.com.co/secciones/post-principal/cientificos-de-datos-en-colombia/

It’s Already Time to Kill the “Data Scientist” Title
http://blogs.wsj.com/cio/2014/04/30/its-already-time-to-kill-the-data-scientist-title/

Why So Many ‘Fake’ Data Scientists?
http://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/why-so-many-fake-data-scientist

3 Reasons You'll Never Be A Data Scientist
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/3-reasons-youll-never-data-scientist-benjamin-taylor

Google is funding “an artificial intelligence for data science”
https://gigaom.com/2014/12/02/google-is-funding-an-artificial-intelligence-for-data-science/

IBM's Watson is better at diagnosing cancer than human doctors
http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-02/11/ibm-watson-medical-doctor

IBM INCREMENTA LA CAPACIDAD DE BÚSQUEDA DE DATOS Y DE “PREGUNTA Y RESPUESTA” DE WATSON ANALYTICS
http://www.decideo.com/IBM-incrementa-la-capacidad-de-busqueda-de-datos-y-de-pregunta-y-respuesta-de-Watson-Analytics_a1243.html
http://www.ibm.com/analytics/watson-analytics/

Estadística para “marketeros”, marketing para estadísticos
http://blogs.gestion.pe/revoluciondigital/2015/04/estadistica-para-marketeros-marketing-para-estadisticos.html

ASA discussion about the role of the statistics in Data Science
http://magazine.amstat.org/blog/2015/10/01/asa-statement-on-the-role-of-statistics-in-data-science/

Am I a Data Scientist? (ASA discussion about the role of the statisticians)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLs01Z5baSU

Definiciones
http://es.slideshare.net/kuonen/a-statisticians-big-tent-view-on-big-data-and-data-science-version-9
http://blog.apterainc.com/business-intelligence/business-intelligence-vs-analytics-vs-big-data-vs-data-mining
http://online.liebertpub.com/doi/pdfplus/10.1089/big.2013.1508

Mejor Empleo
http://www.antena3.com/noticias/economia/trabajos-mejor-calidad-vida_2015102200064.html
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/on-leadership/wp/2015/10/20/these-are-the-25-jobs-employees-say-have-the-best-work-life-balance-3/

Debunked!
https://www.techinasia.com/talk/analyze-ashley-madison-sexual-data-understand-big-data/
http://www.slideshare.net/aCommerce/acommerce-why-big-data-needs-a-paradigm-shift
http://www.business-standard.com/article/companies/debunking-the-myths-of-big-data-115100601048_1.html
http://www.kdnuggets.com/2015/01/debunking-big-data-myths-again.html
http://www.infoworld.com/article/2936947/big-data/debunked-9-big-data-and-hadoop-myths.html

Unicornios
http://madridschoolofmarketing.es/Mails/2015_06_30_Agradecimiento_Feria/Presen/Unicornio.pdf
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/why-your-data-scientist-sucks-benjamin
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/data-science-over-marketing-alexei-cherenkov
http://www.kdnuggets.com/2013/12/what-is-wrong-with-definition-data-science.html
http://www.kdnuggets.com/2013/12/unicorn-data-scientists-vs-data-science-teams-discussion.html

Data science is a team sport
https://www.coursera.org/specializations/executive-data-science
Building a Data Science Team
http://blog.datacamp.com/data-science-industry-infographic/


# Otros enlaces de interés

Data Science Bootcamp Programs - Full TIme, Part Time and Online
http://yet-another-data-blog.blogspot.pe/2014/04/data-science-bootcamp-landscape-full.html

Presentaciones MSMK
http://madridschoolofmarketing.es/Mails/2015_06_30_Agradecimiento_Feria/Presen/Oportunidades.pdf
http://madridschoolofmarketing.es/Mails/2015_06_30_Agradecimiento_Feria/Presen/Perfiles.pdf
http://madridschoolofmarketing.es/Mails/2015_06_30_Agradecimiento_Feria/Presen/Observatorio.pdf

Obama - DJ Patil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_1reLdh5xw

BBVA - España
http://www.centrodeinnovacionbbva.com/noticias/dj-patil-en-bbva-what-sexy-thing-called-data-science
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54t7bSXniAs

R Consortium
http://www.datanalytics.com/2015/07/03/r-consortium/

Visual Intro do Machine Learning
http://www.r2d3.us/visual-intro-to-machine-learning-part-1/

IndiGestion
http://blogs.gestion.pe/innovaciondisrupcion/2015/06/big-data-y-analytics.html (Falcon)
http://gestion.pe/tendencias/que-big-data-2097809
http://gestion.pe/tecnologia/empresas-admiten-no-estar-listas-nube-big-data-y-tecnologia-movil-2115974
http://blogs.gestion.pe/carpetagerencial/2015/03/el-big-data-creara-44-millones-de-empleos-en-los-proximos-cinco-anos.html
http://gestion.pe/tecnologia/big-data-analytics-reduciria-millones-perdidas-riesgo-crediticio-sistema-financiero-2145895
http://gestion.pe/tecnologia/cual-esencia-cientifico-datos-encuesta-explora-su-perfil-2145402
http://gestion.pe/tecnologia/big-data-cibercrimen-ataques-seguridad-informatica-2140668
http://gestion.pe/tecnologia/empresas-pueden-obtener-ganancias-hasta-12-buena-estrategia-analisis-datos-2140546
http://gestion.pe/tecnologia/bbva-banca-autopista-big-data-2124784
http://gestion.pe/tendencias/consejos-si-y-no-al-momento-abordar-proyectos-analitica-2139155
http://gestion.pe/tecnologia/cuatro-cada-10-empresas-quiere-saber-que-hacer-data-2134266
http://blogs.gestion.pe/revoluciondigital/2015/05/futbol-big-data-y-porque-contratar-tres-estadisticos-en-lugar-de-un-jugador-poco-eficiente.html
http://gestion.pe/empleo-management/texto-introductorio-al-impacto-big-data-gestion-personas-2108962
http://gestion.pe/empresas/cuales-pueden-empresas-sacarle-jugo-al-big-data-desafios-retos-aprovechamiento-informacion-clientes-2083797



